readme.md, before:

# Go server

Web server written in Golang.

# Application environment variables

- `DATABASE_DSN` - Connection string to the database.
- `APP_ENV` - The name of the environment in which to run the application (e.g. `development`, `production`).
- `JWT_SECRET` - The name of the environment variable which indicates a secret that will be used to sign JWT tokens.
- `COOKIE_SECRET` - The name of the environment variable used to encrypt values in cookies. It must have 24 characters.

# Swagger

Swagger documentation is available at `<server_url>/swagger/index.html`

# Deployment

In order to deploy anything to railway you have to have [railway cli](https://docs.railway.app/develop/cli) installed. The application deployment process on [railway](https://railway.app/) is very simple and comes down to the following steps:

1. Create a PostgreSQL database via railway UI.
2. Connect railway project to local project.
3. Run deployment command `railway up RAILWAY_DOCKERFILE_PATH=prod.Dockerfile`.
4. Add necessary environment variables.

# Resources

- [This article describes how to configure the go server to work with docker compose and live reload.](https://firehydrant.com/blog/develop-a-go-app-with-docker-compose/)
- [Gin binding in golang, tutorial with examples by LogRocket.](https://blog.logrocket.com/gin-binding-in-go-a-tutorial-with-examples/)
- [Building REST API with Golang using GIN and GORM.](https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-build-a-rest-api-with-golang-using-gin-and-gorm/)
- [Discussion on stackoverflow about how to implement PATCH request in REST API in Goland.](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38206479/golang-rest-patch-and-building-an-update-query)
- [Article discouraging from using PATCH.](https://williamdurand.fr/2014/02/14/please-dont-patch-like-that/)
- [Article showing how to use basic auth in gin framework.](https://jonathanmh.com/go-gin-http-basic-auth/)

Commit message:

feat: allow to pass domain from env variables

readme.md, after:

# Go server

Web server written in Golang.

# Application environment variables

- `DATABASE_DSN` - Connection string to the database.
- `APP_ENV` - The name of the environment in which to run the application (e.g. `development`, `production`).
- `JWT_SECRET` - The name of the environment variable which indicates a secret that will be used to sign JWT tokens.
- `COOKIE_SECRET` - The name of the environment variable used to encrypt values in cookies. It must have 24 characters.
- `COOKIE_DOMAIN` - The name of the domain under which the cookie will be set.

# Swagger

Swagger documentation is available at `<server_url>/swagger/index.html`

# Deployment

In order to deploy anything to railway you have to have [railway cli](https://docs.railway.app/develop/cli) installed. The application deployment process on [railway](https://railway.app/) is very simple and comes down to the following steps:

1. Create a PostgreSQL database via railway UI.
2. Connect railway project to local project.
3. Run deployment command `railway up RAILWAY_DOCKERFILE_PATH=prod.Dockerfile`.
4. Add necessary environment variables.

# Resources

- [This article describes how to configure the go server to work with docker compose and live reload.](https://firehydrant.com/blog/develop-a-go-app-with-docker-compose/)
- [Gin binding in golang, tutorial with examples by LogRocket.](https://blog.logrocket.com/gin-binding-in-go-a-tutorial-with-examples/)
- [Building REST API with Golang using GIN and GORM.](https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-build-a-rest-api-with-golang-using-gin-and-gorm/)
- [Discussion on stackoverflow about how to implement PATCH request in REST API in Goland.](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38206479/golang-rest-patch-and-building-an-update-query)
- [Article discouraging from using PATCH.](https://williamdurand.fr/2014/02/14/please-dont-patch-like-that/)
- [Article showing how to use basic auth in gin framework.](https://jonathanmh.com/go-gin-http-basic-auth/)
